Don't refer to the Time Threshold Loss Detection Timer (#4222)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

The total length of time over which consecutive PTOs expire is limited by the
idle timeout.

The PTO timer MUST NOT be set if a timer is set for time threshold

> loss detection ({{time-threshold}}).  A timer that is set for time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
loss detection; see {{time-threshold}}.  A timer that is set for time
```

> ({{time-threshold}}) loss detection.  Time threshold loss detection
> is expected to both expire earlier than the PTO and be less likely to
> spuriously retransmit data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
loss detection ({{time-threshold}}).  A timer that is set for time
threshold loss detection is expected to both expire earlier than
the PTO timer and be less likely to spuriously retransmit data.
```

> threshold loss detection is expected to both expire earlier than
> the PTO timer and be less likely to spuriously retransmit data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
threshold loss detection will expire earlier than the PTO timer
in many cases and is less likely to spuriously retransmit data.
```

I think that this is accurate: the time threshold mostly fires earlier, but if it does fire, then it will select the data that is most likely to be lost for retransmission.  PTO logic for selecting what to send is far less precise.
